Yuan Men is the largest sect in the Thirteen Cities of Southern Imperial City
Han Yang, you must pass the martial arts election
In this way, the Li family can no longer bully you
Hmph, I didn't expect you to dare to come to Li Dian
Why did you choose here in Nanling?
Han Yang
You're really just a piece of crap who only relies on women
Since you really dare to come
Then your life is mine
Your life is mine too
Humph overkill
Look at the synthesis, Zhang Gong came again the next day.
You know him?
He asked me to kill Li Dian
Wow
There is actually a woman who shares the same color as Qiao Jian
Han Yang, who is he?
Synthetic first genius Yan Bianqian
You know him?
I don't know him.
Then how do you know his name?
You didn't do something sorry about the housewarming
How could I possibly know him?
I just heard it mentioned before
What do you mean?
You see, Zhang Wuyou claims to be synthesized the next day
Eyes higher than tripod
Have you ever paid so much attention to others?
You see him, but you're staring at him.
Then his identity is naturally different
Hmm, is that so?
I didn't expect him to be not only beautiful
Very talented
Han Yang, can I warn you?
Never have 2 hearts for Qiao Qian
Look, the elders are here